I'm Heather Ariel, and on
this edition of "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory,
I'm going to show you
how astrology can be used
and applied to all aspects
of your everyday life.
VOICEOVER RECORDING: And I
think many people today don't
know what to believe anymore.
VOICEOVER RECORDING:
People are basically
going to keep on to help
uncover what really happened.
VOICEOVER RECORDING: It felt
like something was watching me.
VOICEOVER RECORDING: We weren't
given all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
Well, welcome to this
edition of "Beyond Belief."
Good to have you with us
with our special guest,
Astrologer, Heather Arielle
from Arielle Astrology.
And Heather, by the way, if
people want to get a hold
of you, where do they go?
Where do they find you?
Oh, well, go to my website
ARIELLESASTROLOGY.COM,
and it's Arielle with two L's.
All right, now in
our previous program
we talked about my chart.
We talked a little
bit about astrology,
but do a little recap on
just what is astrology.
Yeah, so astrology really
starts with the natal chart.
We need your birth time, so we
need your day, month, and year.
GEORGE: Got to be
specific on that?
Oh, yes, and then the
minute, to the minute.
GEORGE: It was 10:30
in the morning for me.
Yeah.
And so it's very
important, because then
that tells me the entire
chart, what starts the chart.
And then we have five
personal planets.
So it's not just the sun.
It's been very simplified,
and sometimes people
put too much emphasis on that.
So we need to look at
all of the planets.
And then, as the
planets keep moving,
they form relationships with
planets in our natal chart.
And these are called transits.
And transits are really
the cornerstone of change.
Because what can happen, you
can have the most amazing energy
in your natal chart, but it
can be dormant for years, even
decades.
It takes a specific
transit to come
along and awaken that energy.
And that's why I like to say
when astrology opens a door
for you, walk through it.
And doors, I really
connect them to transits.
Transits come in,
they open doors.
That's why it's great to
know your natal chart,
but you really need
to get your chart
done once a year because you
have so many new transits.
You really want to know what--
GEORGE: It's
changeable, isn't it?
Yeah, what are all
the doors opening?
When you give an astrological
reading to someone,
how do they use it then
in their everyday life?
How do they apply it?
Well, some people, they
want to know in a very--
they're reaching
higher consciousness,
and they really come
to me, and they say,
I just want to make
the most of my chart.
And then that will
be a life direction.
But a lot of what I do is
very, it's always personal,
and it can be very practical.
I mean, it could be something
as simple as I had a client,
she kept trying to go on a diet,
and her doctor even said you
really need to eat healthier.
And she was having a
lot of health concerns.
And she never had the willpower.
Every diet she started,
she couldn't stay on.
Well, they're very specific
transits that when Saturn comes
in, Saturn is the teacher.
Saturn brings us discipline
to get something done,
to accomplish hard tasks.
So I was able to
find a Saturn transit
that would be very supportive,
and so I could tell
her we'll start your diet then.
Because she'd actually
tried to start her diet
with the opposite kind
of transit, Jupiter,
which expands everything.
Jupiter was on her Venus, which
just makes you want to indulge
in all the earthly pleasures.
And so it's very hard to say
no to something with that.
So it can be very
specific and practical.
And then if you want to
know your life direction,
we can go that way, too.
GEORGE: Do you ever see
anything in a chart of a person
that you won't tell them?
Oh, well.
GEORGE: Anything bad?
Death, something?
-Well, well, yes.
Well, yes, when
it comes to death,
you have to be very
careful, because one, there
are such things as miracles.
And it's just, how I would say
that, I would say well this
could be-- especially if
somebody comes and says
my father's very, very
ill, and you know,
what's going to happen?
When is he going to die?
And I'm going to say,
only he knows that.
We do have what I
can say is that these
are periods when the body
will be extremely stressed.
So be aware of that.
Do everything you can to stay
healthy and get your help.
Because it depends on how
much we want to incorporate
the medicine that the
doctor says, or how much
we want to be here.
How accurate is
astrology by the month?
Like if you chart out somebody's
year, do you do it monthly
or is it just out there?
Well, I chart the whole year.
And there are long-term aspects
when the outer planets come in,
Pluto, Uranus, Saturn, Neptune,
when they make aspects,
because they move
so slowly, they
set off a trigger in
the chart that then it's
like they open a door that
stays open for several years
sometimes.
GEORGE: Oh, really.
That's a long time.
So there's some transits that
are saying, OK, transformation
is coming into your
life and that we
talk about the different ways.
And how we pinpoint it is
by the personal planets.
Then when you have the personal
planets make certain aspects,
it's going to activate the
energy the outer planet has
brought in.
You've charted a
couple of world events
that have occurred over
the past few months.
One being the hacking of Sony.
HEATHER: Yes.
How did you do an astrological
chart on a company?
Well, anything that has
a beginning has a chart.
And I actually work with
businesses on a regular basis.
People who want to start
businesses or people who want
to relaunch their business,
helping them to come up
with-- you should
really choose the time
you're going to
open your business,
because that's a chart.
And just as natal charts,
just as people have transits,
the natal chart
will have transit,
a business chart
will have transits.
And so you want to look ahead
to say-- because you don't
want a lot of stress coming in.
You want the most
support possible.
So when I did the Sony chart,
it's a little complicated
when you're dealing
with Sony because it
was Columbia Pictures, and then
Columbia Pictures was renamed.
When you start getting
these big corporations,
oh, my gosh, it was
endless, the charts that you
really have to look at.
However, the day and year
and month when Sony Pictures
Entertainment was founded does
carry weight, enough weight
that we can talk about it.
So well, what's
interesting when I
look at this chart
in a business chart,
the sun is very important.
Now the sun is in
Leo in their chart,
and that does rule entertainment
so that's wonderful.
That's a great sign.
GEORGE: For them.
HEATHER: For them.
However, the sun is
afflicted in the natal chart.
It's an extremely
afflicted natal chart.
The sun is in hard
aspect to Pluto.
That means it came in
under some possibly
shady circumstances or some
significant power plays.
You don't want a hard
aspect with Pluto
in your business chart.
Now there was also Venus.
Venus is important
in a business chart
because Venus rules money.
In a natal chart, it can rule
money, love, as well as art.
In a business chart,
it really tells me
about money and
also relationships,
the type of relationships
that they can form.
Venus was retrograde.
Now in a new company, Venus
in retrograde is terrible.
You really want the
energy going forward.
However, because it
was being renamed,
then it's OK that
it's a retrograde,
but they still need to be very
careful about any contract they
sign.
Anyone they deal with they have
to double, triple check it.
And then the moon, the moon is
the public in a business chart.
And in a natal chart,
if you're in the public,
the moon tells me how
well you'll be received.
In a business chart,
it says how does
the public view this business?
And the moon is very afflicted.
It's in an opposition,
the hardest aspect
to both Uranus and Neptune.
And in a natal chart when
we see moon in Uranus
on opposite sides, those
are emotional fluctuations.
GEORGE: Like, get
away from that?
Even like a
psychiatric disorder.
In a business chart, it means
they will come in and out
of favor with the public.
It's the opposite of stability.
GEORGE: All right, but does
the chart show that they
were going to get hacked?
Yes, and we do that--
that I was able to see
by doing a current transit.
But we had to understand
the natal chart
to see how the transits
are affecting it.
So a couple of things
that are going on.
They had a significant transit.
Pluto came in and
opposed the moon.
And Pluto, there's a high
road, low road of every planet.
And the low road of Pluto
represents our enemies,
represents somebody
wanting revenge,
represents power plays.
GEORGE: Ooh, and all
that sitting there.
Oh, it was a
significant transit.
And really, Sony got hit
by the Uranus/Pluto square,
because the moon is in a
mid-degrees cardinal sign.
So every 50 years or so,
Uranus and Pluto in the sky,
they form a square.
Normally, if we have a
transit from either one
of those planets,
it's life altering.
So right now we've had a
lot of people and businesses
with those degrees.
They're hit with
both at one time,
and this is when we really
see catastrophic events
in the charts of
businesses and that.
GEORGE: Well, they got it.
The got hit big time.
Oh, they got hit.
Now also what's interesting,
Neptune-- Neptune
is opposing their Mercury,
their planet of communication.
That means even though-- what
that means, we don't really
have the whole story
yet, because Neptune
can cast a veil of illusion
over anything it touches.
And Neptune, it's like seeing
through rose-colored glasses.
We think we were
seeing the truth,
but you're not seeing the truth.
And that's affecting their
chart for an entire year.
So we're not going to really
know what truly happened
until Neptune gets passed that.
There's deception going
on within the company.
And I was surprised to
see that, because just
from what I had heard, I
expected to see the Pluto.
Because any time there's a major
power struggle or something
like that, or a powerful
company-- Mussolini
with Scorpio rising, Goring and
Goebbels had a lot of Scorpio
and Pluto and Scorpio together.
So North Korea, I could
totally understand
plutonium energy coming
in and crushing something.
However, the Neptune
makes it more complicated.
They have people within
Sony that are deceptive.
Do they know that?
Probably not, because
Neptune-- unless they--
Call them.
Yes, I'm sure they'll be
very happy to take that call.
GEORGE: You have
deceptive people here.
So you have to be very careful.
Let's look at people
as on individual basis
with astrology.
How would you use it as a tool
for yourself, for example?
Oh, my gosh, well, when
I started my business,
I really looked at my
transits and I waited a year
to officially launch my
company just so I would
have the chart that I wanted.
So you had a chart that
you didn't like originally?
Well, no, I wanted to start
my company, and so when
I became serious about that--
And that being
Arielle Astrology.
That's right,
ARIELLESASTROLOGY.COM.
So when I started my company
I looked at my transits,
and I sort of said,
OK, well, when
is going to be the right
time, and I saw the windows,
I had a lot of nice windows.
But I needed Arielle
to have a great chart.
It needed to be both.
And so it took 12 months.
Was it frustrating waiting?
Not really, because
I know this works,
and it wasn't even an option.
And said, OK, well,
that's the deal.
That's the way
it's going to be.
Yes.
Would it be the same
in a relationship?
In what way?
What if a couple
wants to get married?
Would you tell them--
HEATHER: Oh, absolutely.
You'd better wait a year.
Oh, well--
GEORGE: And they're
going to say, what?
I know, and then they're going
to say, but you know what?
A lot of weddings, they do.
They get engaged and
they do wait a year.
So but, yes, a
wedding chart is very
important, because
that wedding chart
is going to have transits.
And often when Uranus, which is
the Great Awakener, it comes in
and it just, like a
bolt of lightning,
eliminates things and
people from our life.
And often when Uranus opposes
the ascendant in a wedding
chart, people divorce.
So you don't want--
you want to be
as sturdy in that relationship,
as stable in that relationship,
as possible before
you have that transit.
Would you see blips
in somebody's chart,
in a relationship chart, that
looks great, but that you see
five years, 10
years down the line,
you're going to have a problem?
Will you see that
from the outset?
Oh, absolutely, but what I
see are we all have challenges.
We all have obstacles,
but they're also always,
there's always the
energy coming in.
And as long as we embrace our
free will and have awareness,
we can always overcome them.
But sometimes it
takes a lot more
effort with a difficult aspect.
But it is good to say,
OK, well, with Saturn--
Saturn is the cosmic paycheck.
Astrologer Grant Lewi said that.
And it really,
every seven years,
we have a check in with Saturn.
And if we work very hard,
Saturn values consistent effort
and above-board effort.
And so every seven years
I can say, OK, you've
got seven years now to
live this way if you do it
when you have that next
aspect from Saturn,
you are guaranteed rewards.
However, if you take shortcuts,
if your effort is inconsistent,
even if it's really not
your fault-- some people--
someone gets sick,
you can't do your job,
and it's inconsistent.
You spend half
your time-- there's
nothing wrong with that, but
understand that the effect will
be inconsistent.
So in that way I try to prepare
my clients as much as possible.
This is the energy
that's coming in then,
and these are some real markers.
This is how to handle
that energy to maximate.
The goal is always to activate
the highest potential,
which anyone can do.
GEORGE: What can go wrong
in an astrological chart?
Anything?
What can go wrong?
Well, there can be afflictions.
And obviously, when
people experience
serious illnesses
and things like that.
They're clear in
the natal chart.
And some people are born
with real accident aspects.
And what happens,
is that they're
going to be-- it's a
greater possibility for them
to have a serious accident, say
skiing or something like that.
And what happens is that a
transit will activate, open
that door, and there will
be very specific times when
it's particularly dangerous.
And I will just be
honest and say, OK,
this is the time for
these few months,
really, don't go skiing.
You know, don't ride your
motorcycle right now.
Just wait until this
door closes, because it
suggested in the natal chart.
So there's a
window there thaT--
HEATHER: Absolutely.
People should
look at, and maybe
hold back for a little bit.
HEATHER: Absolutely.
That's why transits are
really the cornerstone.
They're the
cornerstone of change.
GEORGE: Interesting.
You also looked at the chart of
that disaster in the Ukraine.
HEATHER: Right.
-The plane that went down.
The Ukraine air disaster, yeah,
I study accident charts a lot.
And this is called
an event chart.
So any time something like that
happens, it's an event chart
and you put it together.
Now in a flight chart
Uranus rules flight,
so you always want
to look at Uranus
and make sure you want to
have nice harmonious aspects.
Mars is critical in
any accident chart.
Mars is violence.
And then Uranus,
that's explosive.
So Mars and Uranus working
together, because Uranus rules
technology, you have the
energy to successfully
maneuver the technology.
In a hard aspects, it's
the classic accent aspect,
and it can have explosions.
Now there's a lot going
on in this accident chart.
And it's also, you have to
say, well, in the sky that day,
I mean, there were a lot of
planes that took off that day.
GEORGE: Oh, every day.
-Yes, every day.
And the day that this
accident happened,
there were lots of
plans that took off,
and every plane that took off
this day had an afflicted Mars.
Mars was incredibly afflicted.
It was opposing Uranus.
GEORGE: Could it
happen to any of them?
It was, well, I'll tell you
why it happened to this one.
It does create more
incendiary, in general, it
does create a higher
potential, but it is
activated by the specific time.
Because it depends on the
houses, where they are.
So in this case, and Mars was
squaring the sun, what happened
is that Mars ended up
at the top of the chart
the most public place,
conjuncted a prenatal eclipse
and a North Node.
And the North Node is the
destiny of the flight.
You don't want the destiny
of your flight to be public,
because that means
something's going
to happen to it, that it's
going to be in the news.
Mars was squaring
the sun, the health
of the flight in the house
of death, opposing Uranus.
And the fourth house is very
significant in accident charts,
because that represents
the end of the matter.
And what did you look
at, the flight number?
How do you pick that plane?
Oh, no, well, you
have to go, I mean,
you have to make a chart of
the time that they took off.
Because the time
that they took off
sets everything into motion.
GEORGE: OK, but you have to
have that specific flight?
Oh, you have to have that
specific-- it was 6:15
PM when they actually took off.
And the moon was an Aries.
Mars was very active.
Moon in Aries because Mars
rules Aries, applying to Uranus.
And so it was explosive
qualities all over the chart.
And because of the
timing, they all
ended up on the wrong angles.
And so that's why it
was this time, even
though other flights-- because
if they're in other houses,
that could just mean,
oh, there could've been
an altercation on a flight.
Or that could've been a day when
there was a lot of turbulence,
and that it would've been
represented on all the flights
but not as in a
catastrophic explosion.
That is because of the
timing and the angles.
And it was doomed
from the get-go?
It's a really terrible,
terrible chart.
I mean, it's-- I talked
to an astrologer.
I actually talked to Mary
Keswani, and I asked her,
what do you think of this chart?
And she said, yeah, I would
not have been on that plane.
GEORGE: Wow.
-It's very classic.
Now if you take the missing
Malaysian plane 370--
HEATHER: Yes, I
looked at that chart.
That looked bad, too.
It did, and what's interesting
about the ending, so
the fourth house, the
end of the matter,
OK, in the Ukraine
crash it was Mars.
So that's explosive,
Mars and Uranus.
The Malaysian had
Pisces down there.
GEORGE: They can't find it.
I know, and Neptune
was on the cusp.
Neptune makes things disappear.
You can't see things.
It casts that veil of illusion.
It's very hard to know
what happened to it.
So you really don't want
planets in the fourth house,
difficult planets in the
fourth house of a plane chart,
because that's telling you how
this thing is going to end.
So that was the most striking.
And also, Neptune
made hard aspects
to the health of the flight,
not only when they took off,
but also where they were going.
GEORGE: Well, because we don't
know where that flight is,
we don't know where that
plane is, do the charts
point out something strange?
Well, yes, the fact that
Neptune is down there
is saying this is
really camouflaged.
And what's going to happen is
that as that accident chart has
transits, there will be-- and
I haven't activated that chart,
but if you activate
it, you'll find Windows
where clarity can come in.
That if they do an
investigation at a certain time,
it will help them
to uncover answers.
All right, someone wants
to better themselves.
They want to lose weight.
They want a better job.
How do they use
astrology to do that?
Well, they find
out their transits.
They find out which
doors are open to them,
and when are they open, so then
they can make a greater effort,
use their awareness, become
aware of all of this,
and make an effort to
walk through that door.
Because sometimes
it's very frightening
to do something different.
People look through the
door, but they sort of
need a nudge sometimes
to walk through,
embrace what's on
the other side.
That energy is coming in to
help you experience something
new that then is
going to allow you
to go through the next door.
Because sometimes people, you
have six doors, five are open,
one is closed.
GEORGE: Open them all.
Yeah, you want to go
to one that's closed.
And really, you
need to experience
what's on the other
side of the other doors.
And then the energy
shifts in that door
that you so wanted
to go through opens.
And now you're ready
to go through it.
So that's why
astrology's about timing.
Who's is more apt to use
astrology, a woman or a man?
Oh, I have all
ages, both sexes.
It's really, no, a lot
of men use astrology.
And a lot of people
use astrology.
What happens is that a
lot of prominent people
use astrology, however--
That nobody knows about, right?
Exactly.
Because they want it
to be a secret because,
of course, they don't
want to be ostracized.
There's opposition to
astrology, but very
powerful people use astrology,
people of all walks of life.
The Reagans used it, right?
HEATHER: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
How does religion
view astrology.
Any guide that helps you
reach higher consciousness
and reach your full
potential is positive.
But I would guess
most mainstream
religions would be opposed.
Yes yes.
I have found that
to be the case.
Now, are you a believer in God?
HEATHER: Yes.
Was this difficult for you
to become an astrologer?
Did you fight yourself at all?
No, it really wasn't, because
I just know these are symbols.
These are symbols that
it's a way to communicate
with us and a way to help us.
It's a language, and there are
many ways that it speaks to me.
Numerology speaks
to someone else.
There are many ways.
What do you like
about astrology?
Astrology helps you
reach your full potential.
It gives you that
life direction,
and it constantly reminds
you of the duality
that exists within all of
us, within every planet.
And it's not faded.
We have free will.
We have control.
And we can activate that,
so it's very empowering.
Let's go very quickly
through the astrological chart
and give me a 30 second,
who is this person?
What's January is one.
Oh, OK OK.
So January's Capricorn.
It really starts with Aries.
The Zodiac starts with Aries.
And 0 degrees Aries
brings in spring.
And all the cardinal signs,
Aries, Cancer, Capricorn,
Libra, anything that
starts a season,
it's all about new beginnings.
And that's why people
with Cardinal energy
are great self-starters.
They're great with that
individual initiative.
So that's the Aries,
Cancer, Libra.
All right, then we may repeat.
Folks born in February.
February, and then we go
in-- so Capricorn in January,
then we move into Aquarius.
And Aquarius is very--
that's Uranus rules Aquarius.
It's very much the
sign of the rebel.
So you're going to go against.
You're going to have the power
to go against convention.
I have a daughter
who's an Aquarius.
She's a rebel.
So that's why I always say,
activate the high potential, be
a rebel with a
cause, because it's
great for humanitarian reform.
Don't be a rebel
without a cause and just
go against things and people.
GEORGE: James Dean.
Exactly.
March.
So then we go into Pisces,
and Pisces is receptive,
it's sensitive.
It's great for music, for
art, for anything creative.
GEORGE: Creative people.
For anything self-transcendent.
If you really want to
retire consciousness,
it's very easy to
meditate and transcend.
And it creates a desire
to escape reality.
So Piscean people usually
have a great fantasy life.
They have a great
imagination, because there's
a desire to not
just live in what
they consider to be reality.
OK, let's rattle them off.
April.
OK, then from Pisces,
we do into Aries.
That's that
individual initiative.
It's ruled by Mars.
Aries can be very pioneering,
because they like to be first.
And they've got that energy
to get something done.
So Steve Jobs was an
Aries, had strong Aries.
GEORGE: May.
Then we go into Taurus.
Torres is of the
earth, it's grounded.
A boulder, actually,
has a Taurean ascendant.
It's stable.
It's also, usually if
you have Taurus energy,
you like the earth.
You like being here,
because it enhances
earthly pleasures, the senses.
June we've done.
Gemini.
July.
Cancer, we've not
talked about Cancer.
Cancer is reflective.
It rules the house that
rules past experiences
and past life experiences.
It's connected--
GEORGE: I like that.
Yeah, it's connected to family.
It's very personal.
It can be very sensitive.
It's water.
Any time you have water in your
chart, you can over absorb.
And that's like
with Pisces, too.
So you always want to
be careful because you
absorb your surroundings.
I always say to water signs,
don't forget to every once
in a while ring yourself out.
Because you're like
a sponge, and you're
just taking in too much.
August.
Then we get into
Leo, fiery Leo.
It's the sign of the
star, the performer,
people who can
get up-- it's also
the sign of the cheerleader
in the most optimistic way.
Leo's inspire.
They have charisma
and enthusiasm.
Perfect.
September.
Oh, then Virgo.
Virgos like to be of service.
And Virgo is-- they don't have
to be the center of attention.
They don't have to get
that public recognition,
but they want to make a
significant contribution.
And they're great at being--
they can be perfectionists,
and if it goes too far,
they can be hypochondriacs.
Because there's that very
detailed mind, and they're
great at seeing details.
GEORGE: October.
Then Libra.
Libra's all about when you
think of the scales, equality.
There's a desire for equality.
Gandhi, Jimmy Carter
has a lot of Libra.
Gandhi had Libra,
Jimmy Carter has Libra.
It's a desire for things
to be fair and balanced.
The downside of Libra
is that sometimes
if things aren't beautiful,
they turn the other way.
So it can be the Ostrich,
the head in the sand,
if things get too dark.
November.
As they do when we get
to November and Scorpio.
Pluto rules Scorpio, and
it's the most intense sign.
The theme is transformation,
and death, and rebirth.
Think of the Phoenix
rising from the flame.
So if have Scorpio,
if you have Pluto,
no matter what you
encounter in life,
and you will come
face to face with some
difficult experiences,
you have the power
to rejuvenate and regenerate.
You can always be reborn.
And you must always
keep that in mind.
Lastly, December.
And December is Sagittarius.
Sagittarius is also fiery.
It's fun.
Sages are the life of the
party, and they like freedom.
It's similar to
Gemini in that Geminis
like freedom of the mind.
Sages freedom, they're great
travelers, because they
like freedom of the landscape.
So they always want
to see new places.
I love it.
Thanks or being on
"Beyond Belief."
Thanks so much.
That was fun.
Thank you.
Being on this program
you learn a lot of things
and you pick up some great
information from experts,
like Heather Arielle.
And it's something that you
can use in your everyday life,
astrology.
Next time, I'm going to
read up a little bit more
about being a Gemini, and
change my life a little bit.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."